# DeLight

This project differs significantly from the other two because it was a personal project instead of one with any external pressures. I worked for a small community youth theatre that put on about 5 musicals a year. I was the lighting designer for them, designing effective and artistic lighting shows to complement the action on stage. The show’s tech had three parts: Lights, Video, and Audio. The Video part comes from backdrops that were provided by projector rather than painted canvas or props and sets. Because Video and Lights were two separate systems, there was a tradeoff that had to be made. Either I could design intricate light shows that moved with the beat of the music, but risk them not being played perfectly in sync, or I could opt for simpler shows that didn’t require precise timing but were more underwhelming. That is the problem I set to solve with this software, and why it is named “DeLight”.

I learned a ton about programming, UI, C#, and theatre while working on this software. It’s designed to combine the video/music output and DMX lighting control systems into one easy-to-use software package. Unfortunately, I had to stop working on it before it was completed, as I left the theatre work when I resumed school and joined the rocket team. Despite that, the project got quite far and is very nearly ready for use. It remains something I am very happy with, as more than a year of work resulted in steady improvements and feature implementations I am proud of.
